website/docs: docs about initial perms (#14263)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/access-control/permissions.md

- [**Global permissions**](#global-permissions)
- [**Object permissions**](#object-permissions)

> Additionally, authentik uses _initial permissions_ to simplify the granting of object-level permissions at the time the object (user or role) is created. Using initial permissions allows an Admin to proactively allow a user certain rights for object creation and then viewing/managing those objects and other objects created by people in the same role. For more information, see [Initial permissions](./initial_permissions.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, authentik employs _initial permissions_ to streamline the process of granting object-level permissions when an object (user or role) is created. This feature enables an Admin to proactively assign specific rights to a user for object creation, as well as for viewing and managing those objects and other objects created by individuals in the same role. For more details, refer to [Initial permissions](./initial_permissions.mdx).
```
